DOCS-8300 Kafka 4.3 (#835)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: kafka/4.3/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> = Apache Kafka Connector v4.3 - Mule 4

Author: ```suggestion
= Apache Kafka Connector 4.3 - Mule 4
```

:page-aliases: connectors::kafka/kafka-connector.adoc

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

> Apache Kafka Connector v4.3

Author: Since version is in the title, remove this line.

* An application that is time-sensitive +
An example is a newsroom that uses the Apache Kafka system to deliver the latest news. To retrieve the latest news, reading from the Apache Kafka queue sometimes requires reading from the end of the queue first.
* Multiple applications that rely on the information provided by Apache Kafka +
For example, a department store uses a website activity tracker to improve the online shopping experience. The data that is gathered is sent to multiple departments for various computations. Each department reviews the information that's received to stay informed about what the customer is looking for and then provides recommendations accordingly.

== Audience

* Starting user
+
To create a Mule app, see xref:kafka-connector-studio.adoc[Apache Kafka Studio Configuration].
+
* Power user
+
Read xref:kafka-connector-xml-maven.adoc[XML and Maven Support]
and xref:kafka-connector-examples.adoc[Examples].

== Next

> After you complete the prerequisites, you are ready to create an app with xref:kafka-connector-studio.adoc[Use to Studio to Configure Apache Kafka Connector].

Author: ```suggestion
After you complete the prerequisites, you are ready to create an app with xref:kafka-connector-studio.adoc[Anypoint Studio].
```
